Specify commands to change the dev branch to release branch (#393)
ARMmbed/mbl-tools: maintenance/README.md

repo start $RELVER --all
cd armmbed
```

Now we need to do the tweak in the `meta-mbl` repo: edit `meta-mbl-distro/conf/distro/include/mbl-distro.inc` to set `DISTRO_VERSION` to `mbl-os-x.y.z` (NOTE: `z` version!)

> We need to change all the occurences of the current dev branch to the release branch on different repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to replace all the occurrences of the current dev branch with the release branch on mbl-tools, mbl-jenkins and mbl-jenkins-libraries.
```

If we are releasing from `zeus-dev`, run the follow:
```
repo forall armmbed/mbl-tools armmbed/mbl-jenkins armmbed/mbl-jenkins-libraries -p -c find ./ -type f -exec sed -i -e "s/$DEVBRANCH/$RELVER/g" {} \;
```

> Once we have done all the changes we need to commit them (this time we include also mbl-manifest!):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have done all the changes we need to commit them, and we include the changes done by the `git-sync-manifest` script by including mbl-manifest:
```
